come to the UPS battery professor we're
going to show you a problem battery that
we've noticed for a PC in the background
you hear a unit that needs replacement
batteries the series that we're dealing
with is NS RSV s and XS usually you're
going to see the numbers of 800 900 1000
1200 and 1500 ok let's start first thing
you want to do is turn off your unit
just press that button it will do that
for safety sake you also want to unplug
it now that we're unplugged I can
actually put the unit down on its side
and get access to the batteries in this
particular one you kind of just kind of
push in and slide down it comes out
you'll notice that you have a plug
sometimes it may stick sometimes it may
not just kind of wiggle eventually to
get it out you'll notice on the top you
have a short plug which is connect to
the unit and one that's just connected
to the battery just pull on that it
slides right out very simple you'll
notice on the battery that it will have
an RBC number typically it looks
something like that in this people the
case it looks like one battery but it's
not it's actually two batteries with a
casing and a plug to customize it for
this particular unit for display
purposes I'm going to use a battery that
I've already cut out again comes out
looking just like this you want to get
some kind of knife exacto whatever you
want
alright this will process will take
about 10-15 minutes I want to cut right
along the edges so you can open up this
unit same thing on the other side
and you'll see that both sides are open
now in this particular battery gets a
little confusing because the color of
the wires and how you want to hook that
one
so you'll notice one side as what seems
to be easy access and on the other side
it's a much tighter fit so the easiest
way to do this is to kind of fold it in
half unplug it on this particular side
you'll have just a yellow and a black on
the battery itself that yellow was
connected to the positive and the black
was connected to the negative the
battery itself will have red for
positive and black for negative the
other battery you'll notice it's a much
tighter fit it's a little harder to get
at so the reason why we want to pull
this apart first so then we can start
from the bottom and work to the top so
those are the two batteries that need to
be replaced in your shipment you're
going to have two new batteries it's not
always apparent to everybody but there
are some protectors sitting right on top
you just pull them off you can throw
them away afterwards and I typically
like to use the side that's flat not the
side that's inside where the wires can
be moved much easier to start with
you'll notice that you don't have a lot
of choice it only fits one way and the
leads are always on the same side but in
this particular case the yellow wire is
actually connecting to the black on the
battery and the red and yellow wire
is actually connecting to the positive
which is also read on the battery so to
start with I'll connect the negative
connect the positive make sure there's a
tight fit and kind of move this on a
plastic piece until it slides into a
place where your your even with the rest
of the battery again again just a matter
of getting the wire out of the way now
once you've done this you will probably
dislodged a little bit you'll notice
that the wires go around these little
tubes inside the system just get them
back in the same place second battery
again red for net positive
black for negative it's a little easier
on the side because the black is for the
negative and the yellow wire in this
particular case is for the positive so
I'm going to connect this because it's
nice and long the positive and the black
to the negative and it will sit right
inside that cradle a little coaxing I
didn't quite get the negative on so do
make sure that's on and then you have a
completed system now what you'll
probably want to do is get some tape put
it on both sides so it makes it so it's
a little easier to handle when you're
done take that same system again this is
leisure because it's already taped up
you'll notice that there's only one way
to get this battery in here there's a
groove on the bottom here that allows
you to fit this particular wire just lay
it down slides right in again rehook up
go all the way till it usually clicks
you need to push it down a little bit
because the wire pops out
again you take the front piece kind of
wiggle it and then slide back up plug it
back in turn on the unit and you're all
done
if you do have questions please go to
our website you can email us or call us
again it's APC UPS battery calm thank
you for watching